Welcome back. In this lesson, we will try using both x64dbg and Ghidra together to solve a crackme.
me. But before we do that, let's take a snapshot of our Ghidra MCP setup. Then, we start our
Windows 11 virtual machine. We see that openclaw gateway is starting. We also open telegram.
Clear the history first if necessary
Then, type the command slash new to start a fresh session so that we get new context
This time, we will use the simple serial crack me
We run it and see how it behaves
Then, we start Ghidra
Drag simple serial into Ghidra
Then, drag it into the dragon icon to begin analysis
Let's run x32dbg as administrator
Then open the simple serial crack me
Click on the log tab to confirm that the MCP server is listening
Rearrange the windows side by side
Go back to telegram and give openClaw your instructions
Ask it to check if it can connect to both x64dbg and also Ghidra
Remind it to refer to its memory since it has done this before
OpenClaw is now checking both MCP connections
It tells me that it can connect to x64 DBG but fails to connect to Ghidra
It seems I have forgotten to start the Ghidra bridge
Let's do that now
Go to the Ghidra MCP folder and activate your Python environment
Then run the bridge script
Confirm that it has started, then go back to Telegram and inform OpenClaw and ask it to try again.
OpenClaw confirms it can now connect to Ghidra.
Now, we give our instructions to ask it to analyze the Crackme.
You should give as much details as you can.
The more details, the better it can do its job.
We take another look at the simple serial CrackMe to see its behavior.
and we then inform OpenClaw what we find.
Tell it the strings and messages you see.
Ask it to use both x64DBG and Ghidra together
so that the insights from one tool can help with the other.
OpenClaw is now tracing the message strings.
It successfully found the control flow logic
which shows the error message.
It also suggests going deeper
and we confirm doing that.
After digging deeper, it got more insights where the serial key might be located.
It suggested running the binary after it has set some breakpoints.
I asked if I should run the binary and it replies yes and gives further instructions.
I enter some wrong serial number and inform OpenClaw that it has hit a breakpoint.
OpenClaw says it is reading the live arguments.
It then asked me to give it a screenshot of the stack.
So I used the snipping tool to take a screenshot of the stack and pasted it into Telegram.
Then informed OpenClaw that I have sent it a screenshot.
It asked me to press F7 to step into each line until it reaches a specific EIP address.
So I will try that now.
After trying this for a while, I got lost.
So, I told OpenClaw I missed it and asked to retry again.
OpenClaw replies telling me to rerun the binary and re-enter the serial key.
I did that and this time it hits the correct breakpoint that OpenClaw is looking for.
I inform OpenClaw.
I then took a screenshot of the stack and pasted it into Telegram.
OpenClaw then replies that the correct serial is ABC-123456.
We then run simple serial and key it in, and it is correct.
I then ask OpenClaw if it could have used Ghidra to solve it as well.
It replies that Ghidra also shows the same serial.
It then shows me the insights it got from Ghidra.
So this is how we could use both x64 DBG and Ghidra together, where the insights from one
tool could be used to help the other tool.
That's all for this video.
Thanks for watching.